Data Privacy & Duolingo: Welcome to the Duolingo Data Vault

The Duolingo Data Vault <https://drive-thru.duolingo.com/> is a new
portal where you can manage all of your data. The Data Vault lets you
access all of your data, download it, request data erasure, and request
account deletion. The Data Vault gives you more control over your
personal data.


        What kinds of data does Duolingo collect and how do we use it?


          1. Teaching & Learning

The main type of data we collect is directly related to teaching and
learning. We collect data on what languages a user is learning, what
skills and lessons a user has completed, and word strength (i.e. which
words a user has proven to know). This also includes data on when the
user uses Duolingo, how many lessons they complete, and what in-app
purchases they make.

Our research team uses this data in aggregate to help improve our
courses and how we teach.


          2. App Performance

We also collect data that we use for app performance purposes, like what
type of device you’re using, your system software version, and what
version of the Duolingo app you’re using.

This type of data is used for crash and bug reporting and fixing and
helps ensure the best user experience. For example, when we release new
updates to the app, we use this data to monitor any crashes that may
occur so we can fix them before they impact anyone else.


          3. Advertising

For advertising, we work with external companies that show their ads in
Duolingo. Duolingo does not choose the ads you see in the app. These ads
are chosen by third-party companies (like Google, Unity, and Facebook).
You can see and control the type of information these advertising
companies have access to by visiting their data privacy controls. Google
<https://privacy.google.com/take-control.html> | Facebook
<https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/>.

These ads are vital for supporting Duolingo’s mission of providing free
education to everyone.


          4. What we don't do

We don’t sell your personal data to third parties. We do not use the
microphone permissions on your mobile device for anything other than
speaking exercises in our courses. If it seems like you’re seeing ads in
Duolingo for products or things you’ve searched for, that’s because our
third-party ad serving partners like Google and Facebook collect this
type of information about you outside of Duolingo.

 

You can read more about our Privacy Policy here
<https://www.duolingo.com/privacy>. 

You might also be interested in: 

How can I access my personal data?
<https://support.duolingo.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004193672>

How can I delete my account and data?
<https://support.duolingo.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004239111>
